Hey *|FNAME|*!
Last year, you were a participant in 24 Pull Requests. To jog your memory, the purpose of the project is to give back little gifts of code for Christmas. And we made a huge impact: in 2012, 881 developers submitted 3210 pull requests to 1521 different open source projects. That's pretty amazing.
 
This year, December is upon us! Whether or not you celebrate Christmas, this winter season is a great time to remember how privileged we are to be a part of such a great community and to have the opportunity to use libraries built by world class developers. For free. So why not celebrate this community by giving back? 
 
Here's how you can get involved. During the first 24 days of December, you can:
 
Contribute
24 Pull Requests will suggest projects for you based on languages you're familiar with. Set your email frequency in your profile and get project suggests delivered right to your inbox. Even if your GitHub contribution visualization already looks like a veritable sea of hundreds of dark green squares, why not take advantage of the season and try working with some new language or projects? 
 
Add a Project
Are you a project maintainer dying to get some of your issues closed? Sign in to 24 Pull Requests and add your project. Other developers will be looking for projects to contribute to. Why not tell them how they can help?
 
Tell Your Friends
Just like any project, 24 Pull Requests thrives by getting the word out. Tweet your progress throughout the month. Know some great developers? Point them to @24pullrequests on Twitter. Feeling extra generous? Organize a hackathon to maximize your pull request goodness. How about volunteering at your local RailsBridge or RailsGirls event. These are the developers who are going to be driving 24 Pull Requests and other great projects in future years!
 
Hack on 24 Pull Requests
Check out the issue queue for 24 Pull Requests itself. See anything you might know how to fix? It could be as easy as submitting a failing test. Anything to make progress on closing some of the issues.
 
We'll see you on December 1st, ready to make some awesome open source contributions.
 
Cheers,
Your friends at 24 Pull Requests
 
24 Pull Requests is made possible by all the contributors and the generous help of our sponsors, GitHub, DNSimple and Heroku.